Update typography.md (#33185)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/typography/typography.md

## Install with npm

> You can [install it](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fontsource/roboto) with **npm** by typing the below command in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [install the Roboto package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fontsource/roboto), run one of the following commands in your terminal:
```
